He won't.
You really want to come?
Boss, I see it.
"You want to make a fool of yourself."..
Calm down, playing with me for two and a half years, I can't do anything.
So these are not enough deterrents.
The children go out first.
My brother and I have the key to talk.
Goodbye.
Play again next time.
Goodbye, good night.
No, what do you mean?
How can this vulgar powder work? You have to find someone to work with him.
So who invited Liu Xiaodat here?
Come here, Ms. Li Hang sit down.
Young Master Tang
It's not worse than Suki.
This time under the Dragon King tree.
Don't you have a lake?
Are you talking to me?
Yes.
I mean, I'm glad to meet a beautiful person like Ms. Lin.
Seven guys, 250 days ago you turned gray, a wink has fallen on this side.
No, we're dying fast enough.
Can a pretty girl kill demons with her hands?
Watch her.
I was also delighted to meet such an interesting person in the class.
I think it's going to be fun tonight.